Readme.md, before:

# ScratchAI-Algo

ScratchAI-Algo is a a collection of AI/ML algorithms written from scratch in numpy and pandas along with their explanations. It is a collection of algorithms that are implemented in Python. It is a part of the `SynthAI-Labs` project, focused on creating and teaching AI/ML algorithms from scratch.

## Algorithms

- [KNN](https://github.com/Himasnhu-AT/ScratchML-Algo/tree/main/ML-Algo/KNN)
- [Logistic Regression](https://github.com/Himasnhu-AT/ScratchML-Algo/tree/main/ML-Algo/LogisticRegression)
- [K-Means](https://github.com/Himasnhu-AT/ScratchML-Algo/tree/main/ML-Algo/K-Means)
- [Decision Trees](https://github.com/Himasnhu-AT/ScratchML-Algo/tree/main/ML-Algo/Decision_Trees)
- [Multiple_Linear_Regression](https://github.com/Himasnhu-AT/ScratchML-Algo/tree/main/ML-Algo/Decision_Trees)
- [Polynomial_Regression](https://github.com/Himasnhu-AT/ScratchML-Algo/tree/main/ML-Algo/Polynomial_Regression)
- [Principal_Component_Analysis](https://github.com/Himasnhu-AT/ScratchML-Algo/tree/main/ML-Algo/Principal_Component_Analysis)
- [SimpleLinearRegression](https://github.com/Himasnhu-AT/ScratchML-Algo/tree/main/ML-Algo/SimpleLinearRegression)

Commit message:

Add LogisticRegression algorithm implementation and update readme

Readme.md, after:

# ScratchAI-Algo

ScratchAI-Algo is a a collection of AI/ML algorithms written from scratch in numpy and pandas along with their explanations. It is a collection of algorithms that are implemented in Python. It is a part of the `SynthAI-Labs` project, focused on creating and teaching AI/ML algorithms from scratch.

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> This repo is for educational purposes only. The algorithms are implemented in a simple and understandable way, so that beginners can understand the concepts behind the algorithms.
> Therefore, The algorithms are not optimized for performance. For optimized and production ready implementations, please use libraries like `scikit-learn`, `tensorflow`, `pytorch`, etc.

> [!NOTE]
> We are constantly adding new algorithms to this repo. If you have any suggestions or requests, please create an issue.
> Also we are planning to add more detailed explanations and tutorials for each algorithm. Stay tuned! Give it a star :star: if you like the project.

## Algorithms

- Machine Learning Algo's

  - [KNN](https://github.com/Himasnhu-AT/ScratchML-Algo/tree/main/ML-Algo/KNN)
  - [Logistic Regression](https://github.com/Himasnhu-AT/ScratchML-Algo/tree/main/ML-Algo/LogisticRegression)
  - [K-Means](https://github.com/Himasnhu-AT/ScratchML-Algo/tree/main/ML-Algo/K-Means)
  - [Decision Trees](https://github.com/Himasnhu-AT/ScratchML-Algo/tree/main/ML-Algo/Decision_Trees)
  - [Multiple Linear Regression](https://github.com/Himasnhu-AT/ScratchML-Algo/tree/main/ML-Algo/Decision_Trees)
  - [Polynomial Regression](https://github.com/Himasnhu-AT/ScratchML-Algo/tree/main/ML-Algo/Polynomial_Regression)
  - [Principal Component Analysis](https://github.com/Himasnhu-AT/ScratchML-Algo/tree/main/ML-Algo/Principal_Component_Analysis)
  - [SimpleLinearRegression](https://github.com/Himasnhu-AT/ScratchML-Algo/tree/main/ML-Algo/SimpleLinearRegression)
  - [Support Vector Machine(SVM)](https://github.com/Himasnhu-AT/ScratchML-Algo/tree/main/ML-Algo/svm_algorithm)

- Deep Learning Algo's

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! For bug reports or requests please [submit an issue first](https://github.com/Himasnhu-AT/ScratchML-Algo/)issues

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details
